12
1 
ABBA 
Voyage
1
images/voyage_cover_img.png
10
I Still Have Faith In You
music_lib/IStillHaveFaithInYou.mp3
Don't Shut Me Down
music_lib/DontShutMeDown.mp3
Just A Notion
music_lib/JustANotion.mp3
Bumblebee
music_lib/Bumblebee.mp3
When You Danced With Me
music_lib/WhenYouDancedWithMe.mp3
Ode To Freedom
music_lib/OdeToFreedom.mp3
Little Things
music_lib/LittleThings.mp3
Keep An Eye On Dan
music_lib/KeepAnEyeOnDan.mp3
I Can Be That Woman
music_lib/ICanBeThatWoman.mp3
No Doubt About It
music_lib/NoDoubtAboutIt.mp3
2
Bee Gees
Greatest
1
images/greatest_cover_img.jpg
6
How Deep Is Your Love
music_lib/HowDeepIsYourLove.mp3
I Started A Joke
music_lib/IStartedAJoke.mp3
Too Much Heaven
music_lib/TooMuchHeaven.mp3
Staying Alive
music_lib/StayingAlive.mp3
Alone
music_lib/Alone.mp3
More Than A Woman
music_lib/MoreThanAWoman.mp3
3 
Westlife
Coast To Coast
1
images/coast_to_coast_cover_img.jpg
8
My Love
music_lib/MyLove.mp3
I Lay My Love On You
music_lib/ILayMyLoveOnYou.mp3
What Makes A Man
music_lib/WhatMakesAMan.mp3
When You Looking Like That
music_lib/WhenYouLookingLikeThat.mp3
Puzzle Of My Heart
music_lib/PuzzleOfMyHeart.mp3
Fragile Heart
music_lib/FragileHeart.mp3
Angel's Wings
music_lib/AngelsWings.mp3
Close
music_lib/Close.mp3
4 
Westlife
The Love Album
1
images/the_love_album_cover_img.jpg
5
The Rose
music_lib/TheRose.mp3
Nothing's Gonna Change My Love for You
music_lib/NothingsGonnaChangeMyLoveForYou.mp3
All Out of Love
music_lib/AllOutOfLove.mp3
All or Nothing
music_lib/AllOrNothing.mp3
Total Eclipse of the Heart
music_lib/TotalEclipseOfTheHeart.mp3
5 
ABBA
Super Trouper
1
images/super_trouper_cover_img.jpg
10
Our Last Summer
music_lib/OurLastSummer.ogg
Super Trouper
music_lib/SuperTrouper.ogg
Happy New Year
music_lib/HappyNewYear.ogg
The Way Old Friends Do
music_lib/TheWayOldFriendsDo.ogg
Andante Andante
music_lib/AndanteAndante.ogg
The Winner Takes It All
music_lib/TheWinnerTakesItAll.ogg
Me And I
music_lib/MeAndI.ogg
The Piper
music_lib/ThePiper.ogg
Lay All Your Love On Me
music_lib/LayAllYourLoveOnMe.ogg
On and On and On
music_lib/OnAndOnAndOn.ogg
6
ABBA
The Visitors
1
images/the_visitors_cover_img.jpg
8
When All Is Said and Done
music_lib/WhenAllIsSaidAndDone.mp3
Head Over Heels
music_lib/HeadOverHeels.mp3
Slipping Through My Finger
music_lib/SlippingThroughMyFingers.mp3
One of Us
music_lib/OneOfUs.mp3
Cassandra
music_lib/Cassandra.mp3
Under Attack
music_lib/UnderAttack.mp3
Two for The Price of One
music_lib/TwoForThePriceOfOne.mp3
I Have A Dream
music_lib/IHaveADream_ABBA.mp3
7 
Westlife
Greatest Hits
1
images/greatest_hits_cover_img.jpg
10
Flying Without Wings
music_lib/FlyingWithoutWings.mp3
My Love
music_lib/MyLove.mp3
You Raise Me Up
music_lib/YouRaiseMeUp.mp3
If I Let You Go
music_lib/IfILetYouGo.mp3
I Have A Dream
music_lib/IHaveADream_Westlife.mp3
Mandy
music_lib/Mandy.mp3
Tonight
music_lib/Tonight.mp3
Written In The Stars
music_lib/WrittenInTheStars.mp3
Seasons In The Sun
music_lib/SeasonsInTheSun.mp3
What About Now
music_lib/WhatAboutNow.mp3
8 
Various Artist
My Favourite
1
images/my_favourite_cover_img.jpg
9
Love Story
music_lib/LoveStory_TaylorSwift.mp3
The Name of The Game
music_lib/TheNameOfTheGame_ABBA.mp3
Unbreakable
music_lib/Unbreakable_ShaneFilan.mp3
Better Man
music_lib/BetterMan_Westlife.mp3
Living On Love
music_lib/LivingOnLove_AlanJackson.mp3
Superheroes
music_lib/Superheroes_TheScript.mp3
Back to December
music_lib/BackToDecember_TaylorSwift.mp3
Heaven
music_lib/Heaven_ShaneFilan.mp3
Imagine
music_lib/Imagine_JohnLennon.mp3
9
ABBA
The Album
1
images/the_album_cover_img.jpg
4
Take a Chance on Me
music_lib/TakeAChanceOnMe.mp3
One Man, One Woman
music_lib/OneManOneWoman.mp3
The Name of The Game
music_lib/TheNameOfTheGame_ABBA.mp3
Thank You for The Music
music_lib/ThankYouForTheMusic.mp3
10 
Westlife
Westlife
1
images/westlife_cover_img.jpg
9
Swear It Again
music_lib/SwearItAgain.mp3
Flying Without Wings
music_lib/FlyingWithoutWings.mp3
Change The World
music_lib/ChangeTheWorld.mp3
Miss You
music_lib/MissYou.mp3
If I Let You Go
music_lib/IfILetYouGo.mp3
Fool Again
music_lib/FoolAgain.mp3
I Don't Wanna Fight
music_lib/IDontWannaFight.mp3
More Than Word
music_lib/MoreThanWord.mp3
Why Do I Love You
music_lib/WhyDoILoveYou.mp3
11
ABBA 
Ring Ring
1
images/ring_ring_cover_img.jpg
6
Waterloo
music_lib/Waterloo.mp3
Ring Ring
music_lib/RingRing.mp3 
Disilusion
music_lib/Disillusion.mp3
People Need Love
music_lib/PeopleNeedLove.mp3
Honey, Honey
music_lib/HoneyHoney.mp3
Another Town, Another Train
music_lib/AnotherTownAnotherTrain.mp3
12 
ABBA
Arrival
1
images/arrival_cover_img.png
8
Angeleyes
music_lib/Angeleyes.mp3
When I Kissed The Teacher
music_lib/WhenIKissedTheTeacher.mp3
Dancing Queen
music_lib/DancingQueen.mp3
Mama Mia
music_lib/MamaMia.mp3
SOS
music_lib/SOS.mp3
Knowing Me, Knowing You
music_lib/KnowingMeKnowingYou.mp3
Fernando
music_lib/Fernando.mp3
Money, Money, Money
music_lib/MoneyMoneyMoney.mp3